Please check your local laws governing low powered radio broadcasts.
LightshowPi is not responsible for any legal action taken against you.
LightshowPi is not responsible for the content you choose to broadcast.

https://www.fcc.gov/media/radio/low-power-radio-general-information#PART15
Part 15 Devices

Unlicensed operation on the AM and FM radio broadcast bands is permitted for 
some extremely low powered devices covered under Part 15 of the FCC's rules.  
On FM frequencies, these devices are limited to an effective service range of 
approximately 200 feet (61 meters).  See 47 CFR (Code of Federal Regulations) 
Section 15.239, and the July 24, 1991 Public Notice 
https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/DOC-297510A1.pdf (still in effect).  
On the AM broadcast band, these devices are limited to an effective service 
range of approximately 200 feet (61 meters).  See 47 CFR Sections 15.207, 
15.209, 15.219, and 15.221.  These devices must accept any interference caused 
by any other operation, which may further limit the effective service range.

For more information on Part 15 devices, please see OET Bulletin No. 63 
("Understanding the FCC Regulations for Low-Power, Non-Licensed Transmitters").
https://www.fcc.gov/general/oet-bulletins-line#63
Questions not answered by this Bulletin can be directed to the FCC's Office of 
Engineering and Technology, Customer Service Branch, at the Columbia, Maryland 
office, phone (301) 362 - 3000.

Penalties for Operation Without A Permit or License

The Commission considers unauthorized broadcast operation to be a serious 
matter.  Presently, the maximum penalty for operating an unlicensed or "pirate" 
broadcast station (one which is not permitted under Part 15 or is not a Carrier 
Current Station) is set at $10,000 for a single violation or a single day of 
operation, up to a total maximum amount of $75,000.

Adjustments may be made upwards or downwards depending on the circumstances 
involved.  Equipment used for an unauthorized operation may also be confiscated.  
There are also criminal penalties (fine and/or imprisonment) for "willfully and 
knowingly" operating a radio station without a license.  

DON'T DO IT!

